All right, so our mission was to kinda
take a little bit of the approach that
we did here and modify it so
that it also works with the quantity,
kinda just to again reaffirm
that muscle memory here.
We're gonna return produce,
we'll say state, and
we'll get that draft state again.
And that draft state,
we're gonna basically need to find the
item one more time, so we'll grab that.
We might abstract that out to a function,
but it needs to know,
it needs the draft state
that's in the closure.
So I'd have to use a little bit of
functional programming to make that
happen, which seems a bit much for
this use case.
We'll just change the item quantity,
action.payload.uid.
Now, there might be a little
voice in your head that's saying,
do I have to do this for everything?
This is also a little bit tedious, right?.
Again, that's the voice
that we want to listen to.
One of the biggest pieces of advice I give
these engineers is listen to that voice,
cuz it will usually guide
you in the right direction.
I think it's a Larry Wall quote,
he's a creative pro, which is the three
fundamental traits of a engineer is
laziness and patience and hubris, right?
Those things that are tedious, listen to
them cuz they're usually the sign that
there's probably a better way forward.
So if you think about it, really in
each one of these conditionals we
are modifying the state immutably and
returning it.
What if we just had the entire
reducer go through Emmer, right?
That would work, right?
We can just like, cool,
pass the state and the action in,
let me do my thing immutably and
then figure it all out at the end.
We can totally do that,
the syntax is a little bit different,
so let's talk about it.
Here, in this case,
we are immediately giving it the state,
and then we are mutating it and
it's applying the mutation.
We can also use produce to create
a function that will automatically pass it
into Emmer.
It's just the syntax is a little bit
different with the curried function.
So let's just take a look at what
that might look like for us.
So we'll actually,
we will say produce, In this case,
and we'll wrap the entire function,
but then as the second argument,
it will take some kind of
initial state As well and
this will return a function
that we can use as our reducer.
I called it initial items, hold on.
All right, so we've got that in place.
And now we just need to do really at
this point, we're just simplifying,
we don't need to wrap everything and
produce anymore.
So state is going be effectively
that draft state at this point.
So we can go ahead and
reduce a lot of this.
We could take all that out.
This is now state.
This one can stay, if you return,
it'll actually work as well.
We can get rid of this.
Now this has become state as
well over here over here.
We're gonna basically just treat
it as if this entire time,
everything we said about
mutability wasn't the case.
And we don't even have to return
state cuz this will automatically,
it's gonna apply this stuff anyway.
So it'll actually take care of
that fallback for us as well.
Let's go try it out to make sure
I didn't make any obvious error.
All right, everything loads.
Item price updated, let's see, but
it seems, got a little bit of an issue.
EUID price is 14,
we got to do that percent or not.
Coming in there as well, let's see.
143, 13 but
we're loading in slightly wrong.
>> You're reversing the EUID
instead of [CROSSTALK]-
>> Good catch,
that'll do it because
the EUID of that one was one.
So in this case we'll do price.
In this case we will do quantity.
Yeah, so we'll find the right item.
And we'll refresh and there we go.
Now everything works as expected, right?
So this becomes a much cleaner syntax,
and it becomes easy to correct.
If we had this one nested object, we can
just treat it like we could work down.
Now be clear, this solves for
the tedium with immutability and
creating new objects as you go through.
However, it doesn't necessarily save
you from the fact that even if you have
a deeply nested object and
any one of those becomes undefined.
You either need to check all the way down
or use some of the new operators that will
return undefined if anything
in the entire chain.
And sometimes yes, that will save
you from your app blowing up.
But it might also not be what you wanted.
The flatter you keep your data structures,
not just for
the tedium of writing immutable
updates to your code.
The advantages to keeping your flat
data object is it's just also easier to
maintain.
So I would say use this in conjunction
with normalizing your data and
figuring out a data structure that works
for the UI you're trying to build.
But this is a another way on top of that
to also reduce the amount of boilerplate
and tedious code that you need to write.